Hi people! This is Megg!
In the last episode of "What Comes Around"
This cave penguin named Oogie
Lost a dinosaur named Mister Sniffles
And went out looking for you
Hey, this is fun!
I think I'm going to want to break into the next show!
#What is Pre-Hysterical Part 2
Mister Sniffles!
Good dinosaur!
Where are you?
I hope he has not gone for the future!
Wow, the future!
Where is everybody?
Did you see a dinosaur?
Sweetheart, your style is that it's a dinosaur!
Let me get you something ...
... because that's a million years old!
Yeah ... yeah ...
I'm so worried about Mr. Sniffles!
How will he practice exercises?
How will he get money?
I have a complaint
Nevermind
How will he make friends?
You are so cool!
Who's going to help you decorate the script?
Mister Sniffles!
There you are!
Let's go home
How was it with Mister Sniffles?
No problem, Miss Unibrow!
Ah, that's good!
So I guess I'll let you take care of my baby!
okay okay
AHHHH!
(c) 2013 Disney. Some features require paid subscription.
Some scenes may not be identical to those experienced in the game.